<center> <h1>A1</h1></center>

Contents
- [Q1](#q1)
- [Q2](#q2)
- [Q3](#q3)
- [Q4](#q4)
- [Q5](#q5)
  - [Refined](#refined)
- [Q6](#q6)
  - [a](#a)
  - [b](#b)
- [Q7](#q7)
  - [a](#a-1)
  - [b](#b-1)
  - [c](#c)
  - [d](#d)


## Q1
$W_1$ and $W_3$ not found for $L^4$
$W_3$ not found for $L^*$

## Q2
:question: When calculating $L^*$ do we need to consider $L^0 = \epsilon$ in the shortlex order \
<span style="color:red">$\epsilon$</span>, 01, 010, 100, 0101, 01001, 01010, 01100, 10001, 010010, 010100, 010101, 100010, 100100, 0100101, 0101001, 0101010, 0101100, 0110001

## Q3

## Q4
## Q5
:boom: Try proof by cases
- Let's L is an arbritary language. L = $\{x_1, x_2,......\}$ with length greater than 1.
- Now for strings $x_1$ and $x_2$ in L, by the given definition we  $x_1 \cdot x_2 \in L$. .......................(1)
  - If that's not true then L is not repeat avoiding. [case 1]
  - If that's true then **also** $x_1 \cdot x_2 \cdot x_1 \in L$. [case 2]
    - If that's not true then L is not repeat avoiding. [case 2.1]
    - If that's true then $x_1 \cdot x_2 \cdot x_1 \cdot x_2 \in L$. [case 2.2]  
      - If case 2.2 not true false then L is not repead [case 2.2.1]
      - If case 2.2 is true then proposition 1 is false, as $x_1 \cdot x_2 \in L$ and thus viewing all cases it 

### Refined
Let's L is an arbritary language. L = $\{x_1, x_2,......\}$ where $|L| > 1$.\
Let's consider 2 strins $x_1$ and $x_2$, where $x_1 \in L \ and \ x_2 \in L$\
Now We consider 2 cases, 
**Case 1**: $x_1 \cdot x_2 \in L$ \
If case 1 is true then,
By proposition 2, $x_1 \cdot x_2 \cdot x_1$ should be in L\
**case a** $x_1 \cdot x_2 \cdot x_1 \in L$\
If case a is true then, by propostion 2, $x_1 \cdot x_2 \cdot x_1 \cdot x_2 \in L$\
then it goes against propostion 1 therefore L  is not repead avoiding.
**case b** $x_1 \cdot x_2 \cdot x_1 \notin l$\
If Case B then L is not repeat avoiding\
**Case 2**: $x_1 \cdot x_2 \notin L$\
If case 2 is true then L is not repeat avoiding.

## Q6
### a
**01001**0
### b
**010**01 = this is the last string in S.
## Q7
### a
$W_1, W_2$ two strings $|W_1|\geq 1$ and $|W_2|= n$

**Base case**: For n = 1,
$W_2^R$ = $W_2$ Since $x^R = x$
> :question: If $|W_2| = 1$, Can we apply $(W_1\cdot W_2)^R = W_2 \cdot W_1^R$ __DONE__

$(W_1\cdot W_2)^R = W_2 \cdot W_1^R$

**Inductive Hypothesis**: For n = m, 
We assume, for $W_1, W_m$ where W_1 is an arbritary string and $|W_m| = m$, 
$(W_1\cdot W_m)^R = W_m^R \cdot W_1^R$


**Inductive Step**
Now let's consider for $W_{m+1}$ where, $|W_{m+1}| = m + 1$,
We need to proof, **$(W_1 \cdot W_{m+1})^R = W_{m+1}^R \cdot W_1^R$**
Lets consider $W_{m+1} = W_q \cdot x$ and $|W_q| = m$



$(W_1\cdot W_{m+1})^R = (W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R$
let, $W_1 \cdot W_q = W$
Then, $(W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R = (W \cdot x)^R$
$\implies (W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R = xW^R$ [$\because$ Statement (2)]
$\implies (W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R = x (W_1 \cdot W_q)^R$ By replacing value of $W$ with $W_1 \cdot W_q$ 

**Using our assumption**,
$\implies (W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R = x (W_1 \cdot W_q)^R = x\cdot W_q^R \cdot W_1^R $ **[Both $W_q, W_m$ are arbritary string with same length]**

$(W_q \cdot x)^R = x \cdot W_q^R$
$\implies (W_{m+1})^R = x \cdot W_q^R$

Hence, $(W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R = x (W_1 \cdot W_q)^R = x\cdot W_q^R \cdot W_1^R $
$\implies (W_1\cdot W_q \cdot x)^R = x (W_1 \cdot W_q)^R = (W_{m+1})^R \cdot W_1^R $


### b

**Base Case**
$(W_1 \cdot W_2)^R = W_2^R \cdot W_1^R$

**Induction Hypothesis**
$(W_1 \cdot W_2 \cdot \cdot \cdot W_k)^R = W_k^R \cdot \cdot \cdot W_2^R \cdot W_1^R$

__We need to prove__, $(W_1 \cdot W_2 \cdot \cdot \cdot W_k \cdot W_{k+1})^R = W_{k+1}^R \cdot W_k^R \cdot \cdot \cdot W_2^R \cdot W_1^R$

L.H.S = $(W_1 \cdot W_2 \cdot \cdot \cdot W_k \cdot W_{k+1})^R$
= $(W \cdot W_{k+1})^R$, where $W = W_1 \cdot W_2 \cdot \cdot \cdot W_k$
= $W_{k+1}^R \cdot W^R$ [$\because proposition \ 1$]
= $W_{k+1}^R \cdot (W_1 \cdot W_2 \cdot \cdot \cdot W_k)^R$ [replacing W with it's value]
= $W_{k+1}^R \cdot W_k^R \cdot \cdot \cdot W_2^R \cdot W_1^R$ [Applying induction hypothesis]
= R.H.S


### c
:question: Since k has no upper limit, kinda like limit can we use Induction?
:question: Is **x** **non-empty**?
:question: We can't use the definition of reverse, but can we use the definition of palindrome? that is, **if $X$ is a palindrome then $X^R = X$**
:question: For a power of string, can we say **$x^m \cdot x = x \cdot x^m$**
:question: Can we use **$|X^R| == |X|$**
Proof If $X$ is a palindrome, then $X^n$ is a palindrome.

If X is a palindrome, 
__Base Case__: for n = 1,

x^n  = x, x,
 there fore $x^n$ is a palindrome.

 __Induction Hypothesis__ for n = m
 Assume, the statement is true. i.e. If $x$ is a palindrome, then $x^m$ is also a palindrome.

 __induction step__ for n = m+1
 We need to prove,  the statement is true.

 $x^{m+1} = x^m \cdot x$
 $\therefore (x^{m+1})^R = (x^m \cdot x)^R = x^R \cdot (x^m)^R$ [__from 4a__]
 $\therefore (x^{m+1})^R = x \cdot x^m$ [__Since $x$ is a plaindome and using Induction hypothesis__]
 $\therefore (x^{m+1})^R = x^{m+1}$
 Hence $x^{m+1}$ is a palindrome.

 ### d
**Contrapositive**: If x is not a palindrome then $x^n$ is not a palindrome.
__Base case__
for n = 1,
$x^1 = x$, hence if x is not a palindrome then $x \not ={x^R}$

__Induction Hypothesis__ for n = m
Assune if x is not a palindrome then, $x^m$ is not a palindrome 

__induction step__ for n = m+1,
$x^{m+1} = x^m \cdot x$
$\therefore (x^{m+1})^R = (x^m \cdot x)^R = x^R \cdot (x^m)^R$ [__from 4a__]

Now $x^{m + 1} = x^m \cdot x = x \cdot x^m$
Between  $x^R \cdot (x^m)^R$ and $x \cdot x^m$ the suffix (x^m)^R and x^m is not same and it has same length, therefire we can conclude that $x^R \cdot (x^m)^R \not ={x \cdot x^m}$ or $x^R \cdot (x^m)^R \not =x^{m+1}$
hence $x^{m+1} \not ={(x^{m+1})^R}$, therfore $x^{m+1}$ is not a palindrome.