Lecture 52 Slide 4 States:
**<span style="color:red">A language L is decidable</span>** if and only if **<span style="color:purple">L is recognizable</span>** and **<span style="color:blue">the complement of L is recognizable<span>**.

- We are to prove, $HighSteps_{TM}$ is decideable.
- So the above statement becomes:
**<span style="color:red">A language $HighSteps_{TM}$ is decidable</span>** if and only if **<span style="color:purple">$HighSteps_{TM}$ is recognizable</span>** and **<span style="color:blue">the complement of $HighSteps_{TM}$ is recognizable<span>**.
or,
**<span style="color:red">A language $HighSteps_{TM}$ is decidable</span>** if and only if **<span style="color:purple">$HighSteps_{TM}$ is recognizable</span>** and **<span style="color:blue">$\overline{HighSteps_{TM}}$ is recognizable<span>**.

:star:The only recognizable language we have so far is **<span style="color:blue">$Accept_{TM}$</span>**

:boom:**We need to prove that**, <span style="color:blue">$HighSteps_{TM} \leq_{m} Accept_{TM}$</span> and <span style="color:purple">$\overline{HighSteps_{TM}} \leq_{m} Accept_{TM}$</span>

:bulb: For an iterative example of reduction function example check lecture 59 slide 4 and 5

:bulb: Check lecture 60 Slide 16 for stepped TM pseudocode. 

# Answer
### $HighSteps_{TM} \leq_m Accept_{TM}$

f(W)$\implies$
if $W \not ={<T>}$ then return $\epsilon$
Else, return $<M_c, y>$

Where, $M_c$ is defined below,
1. for a in {0, ..., 420}
   1. for x in $\{0, 1\}^a$
      1. Simulate T with x upto 420 transitions or steps. If halts before 420 steps, then ***Reject*** y.
      2. Move to next iteration of loop.
   2. Move to next iteration of loop.
2. ***Accept*** y

Prove, that f(W) is the correct reduction.

If $W \in HighSteps_{TM}$
then $W = <T>$ and f(W) = <M_c, y> and $M_c$ never enters in the reject state and accept y in line 1.1.1.
rather after finishing both loops, $M_c$ goes to line 2 and ***Accepts*** y.
$f(W)<M_c, y> \in Accept_{TM}$

If $W \notin HighSteps_{TM}$
case 1: $W \not ={<T>}$
$f(W) = \epsilon \notin Accept_{TM}$
case 2: $W = <T>$ 
$f(W)<M_c, y>$ and $M_c$ halts for some $x \in {0, 1}^{420}$ and rejects y.
therefore, $f(W)<M_c, y> \notin Accept_{TM}$

Hence, $HighSteps_{TM} \leq_m Accept_{TM}$
Since, $Accept_{TM}$ is recognizable therefore, $HighSteps_{TM}$ is also recognizable

### $\overline{HighSteps_{TM}} \leq_m Accept_{TM}$

f(W)$\implies$
if $W \not ={<T>}$ then return $<M_u, y>$, where $M_u$ accepts all binary string
Else, return $<M_c, y>$

Where, $M_c$ is defined below,
S = shortlext ordered $\{0, 1\}^{420}$
1. for a = 0 to 420
   1. foreach x in $\{0, 1\}^a$
      1. Simulate T with x upto 420 transitions or steps. If halts before 420 steps, then ***Accept*** y.
      2. Move to next iteration of loop.
   2. Move to next iteration of loop.
2. ***Reject*** y

Prove, that f(W) is the correct reduction.

If $W \in \overline{HighSteps_{TM}}$
case 1: $W \not ={<T>}$
$f(W) = <M_u, y> \in Accept_{TM}$ $M_u$ accepts all binary string, even $\epsilon$
case 2: $W = <T>$ 
$f(W)<M_c, y>$ and $M_c$ halts for some $x \in {0, 1}^{420}$ and accepts y.
therefore, $f(W)<M_c, y> \in Accept_{TM}$

If $W \notin \overline{HighSteps_{TM}}$
then $W = <T>$ and f(W) = <M_c, y> and $M_c$ never enters in the accept state and reject y in line 2.
$f(W)<M_c, y> \notin Accept_{TM}$


Hence, $\overline{HighSteps_{TM}} \leq_m Accept_{TM}$

Since, $Accept_{TM}$ is recognizable therefore, $\overline{HighSteps_{TM}}$ is also recognizable

And we have a theorem, $L$ is decidable if and onlyn if $L$ and $\overline{L}$ is recognizable.
Since, $HighSteps_{TM}$ and $\overline{HighSteps_{TM}}$ are recognizable therfore, $HighSteps_{TM}$ is decodable.