<!-- - $Equal_{TM}$

- $\overline{Equal_{TM}}$

- $\overline{Accept_{TM}}$



$\leq_{m}$ -->

<!-- Let, the universal set of binary string, be U. 
Then $U = \{0, 1\}^*$
if $L = \phi$, then $\overline{L} = U - L = U - \phi = U = \{0, 1\}^*$
since   -->

We choose, $L = \overline{Accept_{TM}}$
We define the following algorithm $\mathscr{f}$ on input string $W$:
- If $W \not ={<T, X>}$ for any Turing machine T, then output $<M_u, M_{\phi}>$
Where,  $M_{\phi}$ and $M_u$ are the following turing machines,
  - construction a machine $M_{\phi}$ [as described in slide 5 or lecture 56]
    - Reject immediately 
  - construction a machine $M_{u}$ that accepts all binary string.
    - keep going right starting from the first alphabet of the string if we see 0 or 1.
    - halt at the first empty symbol and accept.
- Else, given $W = <T, X>$
  - Construct a machine $M_X$ defined as 
    1.  Simulate T on X
    2.  If the simulation enters a **Accept** state , then **Accept** my input immediately.
Else If the simulation enters a **Reject** state ,then **Reject** my input immediately.
  -   **then output $<M_u, M_X>$** **$M_u$ is defined in the previous point.**

#### <center>Proving that the reduction is correct</center>
First, suppose that $W \in \overline{Accept_{TM}}$ then $W \notin Accept_{TM}$. There are two cases to consider:
- [ ] <ins>Case 1: $W \not ={<T, X>}$ for any Turing Machine T</ins>
By the definition of $f$, we see that, $f(W) = <M_u, M_{\phi}>$
Since $M_{\phi}$ is designed to immediately reject, $\mathscr{L}(M_{\phi}) = \phi$
Since $M_u$ is designed to accept all binary string, $\mathscr{L}(M_u) = \{0, 1\}^*$
Hence, $\mathscr{L}(M_u) \not ={\mathscr{L}(M_{\phi})}$. Thus, we get $f(W) \in \overline{Equal_{TM}}$
<br>
- [ ] <ins> Case 2:$W = <T, X>$ where T doesn't accept X.</ins>
    1.  By the definition of $f$, we see that $f(W) = <M_u, M_X>$. there are 2 sub-cases:
        - [ ] Case 2(a): T never halts on input X, Then, $M_X$ is never halts its simulation on line 1, so never accepts on line 2.
        - [ ] Case 2(b): T rejects X. Then, the simulation on line 1 of $M_X$ eventually enters the __Reject__ state, so rejects on line 2.
    2. In both cases, $M_X$ does not accept its input, no matter which input is given.
So, $\mathscr{L}(M_X) = \phi$
    3. $\mathscr{L}(M_u) = \{0, 1\}^*$ since $M_u$ is designed to accept all binary string.
    4. From (3) and (4), we conclude that, $f(W) = <M_u, M_X> \in \overline{Equal_{TM}}$

Next, suppose that $W \notin \overline{Accept_{TM}}$ then $W \in Accept_{TM}$. 
1. By definition of $Accept_{TM}$ we know $W = <T, X>$ such that, $T$ accepts $X$.
2. Then, the simulation on line 1 of $M_X$ will eventually enter the $Accept$ state of $T$.
3. Therefore, $M_X$ always gets to line 2 and accepts, no matter which in put it is given. This means that, $\mathscr{L}(M_x) = \{0, 1\}^*$
4. $\mathscr{L}(M_u) =  \{0, 1\}^*$ since $M_u$ is designed to accept all binary string.
5. From (3) and (4), we conclude that, $f(W) = <M_u, M_X> \notin \overline{Equal_{TM}}$ 

Therefore, we have proved the reduction $\overline{Accept_{TM}} \leq_m\overline{Equal_{TM}}$
Since we have already proved that, $\overline{Accept_{TM}}$ is unrecognizable [from slide 10 of lecture 57], therefore, $\overline{Equal_{TM}}$ is unrecognizable.